docs/features.md, before:

## Features
- **Search**
  - **Local**: Your personal data stays local. All search and indexing is done on your machine. *Unlike chat which requires access to GPT.*
  - **Incremental**: Incremental search for a fast, search-as-you-type experience
- **Chat**
  - **Faster answers**: Find answers faster, smoother than search. No need to manually scan through your notes to find answers.
  - **Iterative discovery**: Iteratively explore and (re-)discover your notes
  - **Assisted creativity**: Smoothly weave across answers retrieval and content generation
- **General**
  - **Natural**: Advanced natural language understanding using Transformer based ML Models
  - **Pluggable**: Modular architecture makes it easy to plug in new data sources, frontends and ML models
  - **Multiple Sources**: Index your Org-mode and Markdown notes, PDF files, Github repositories, and Photos
  - **Multiple Interfaces**: Interact from your [Web Browser](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/blob/master/src/khoj/interface/web/index.html), [Emacs](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/blob/master//src/interface/emacs/khoj.el) or [Obsidian](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/blob/master/src/interface/obsidian/)

Commit message:

Align docs landing page with updated github readme
- Screenshots of khoj search, chat
- Put quickstart on landing page
- Put miscellaneous pages under separate section
- Move credits to separate page under miscellaneous

docs/features.md, after:

## Features

#### [Search](./search.md)
  - **Local**: Your personal data stays local. All search and indexing is done on your machine.
  - **Incremental**: Incremental search for a fast, search-as-you-type experience

#### [Chat](./chat.md)
  - **Faster answers**: Find answers faster, smoother than search. No need to manually scan through your notes to find answers.
  - **Iterative discovery**: Iteratively explore and (re-)discover your notes
  - **Assisted creativity**: Smoothly weave across answers retrieval and content generation

#### General
  - **Natural**: Advanced natural language understanding using Transformer based ML Models
  - **Pluggable**: Modular architecture makes it easy to plug in new data sources, frontends and ML models
  - **Multiple Sources**: Index your Org-mode and Markdown notes, PDF files, Github repositories, and Photos
  - **Multiple Interfaces**: Interact from your [Web Browser](./web.md), [Emacs](./emacs.md) or [Obsidian](./obsidian.md)

### Supported Interfaces

[![Khoj on Emacs](https://img.shields.io/badge/Emacs-%237F5AB6.svg?&style=for-the-badge&logo=gnu-emacs&logoColor=white)](./emacs.md)
<span>&nbsp;</span>
[![Khoj on Obsidian](https://img.shields.io/badge/Obsidian-%23483699.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=obsidian&logoColor=white)](./obsidian.md)

### Supported Data Sources
- markdown*
- org-mode*
- pdf*
- images*
- [github](./github_integration.md)
- [notion](./notion_integration.md)

\* These data sources are offline only.

If you're using Github or Notion, you can get on a waitlist for [Khoj Cloud](https://khoj.dev).
