docs/README.md, before:

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/khoj-logo-sideways-500.png" width="200" alt="Khoj Logo"></p>

<div align="center">

[![test](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![dockerize](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/dockerize.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/pkgs/container/khoj)
[![pypi](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/pypi.yml/badge.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/khoj-assistant/)

</div>

<div align="center">
<b>An AI personal assistant for your digital brain</b>

</div>

<div align="center">

[📜 Explore Code](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj)
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
[🌍 Try Khoj Cloud](https://khoj.dev)
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
[💬 Get Involved](https://discord.gg/BDgyabRM6e)

</div>

## Introduction
Welcome to the Khoj Docs! This is the best place to [get started](./setup.md) with Khoj.

- Khoj is a desktop application to [search](./search.md) and [chat](./chat.md) with your notes, documents and images
- It is an offline-first, open source AI personal assistant accessible from your [Emacs](./emacs.md), [Obsidian](./obsidian.md) or [Web browser](./web.md)
- It works with jpeg, markdown, [notion](./notion_integration.md) org-mode, pdf files and [github repositories](./github_integration.md)
- If you have more questions, check out the [FAQ](https://faq.khoj.dev/) - it's a live Khoj instance indexing our Github repository!

## Quickstart
[Click here](./setup.md) for full setup instructions

```shell
pip install khoj-assistant && khoj
```

## Overview
<img src="https://docs.khoj.dev/assets/khoj_search_on_web.png" width="400px">
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
<img src="https://docs.khoj.dev/assets/khoj_chat_on_web.png" width="400px">

#### [Search](./search.md)
  - **Local**: Your personal data stays local. All search and indexing is done on your machine.
  - **Incremental**: Incremental search for a fast, search-as-you-type experience

#### [Chat](./chat.md)
  - **Faster answers**: Find answers faster, smoother than search. No need to manually scan through your notes to find answers.
  - **Iterative discovery**: Iteratively explore and (re-)discover your notes
  - **Assisted creativity**: Smoothly weave across answers retrieval and content generation
  - **Online or Offline**: Choose online or offline chat depending on your requirements

Commit message:

Update docs to reflect new setup processes and instructions based on rearchitecture
- Most important updates include the depedency requirement to setup Postgres when running/setting Khoj up locally
- Add instructiosn for Docker
- Shift to recommend desktop client and update instructions for how to configure Khoj for user

docs/README.md, after:

<p align="center"><img src="./assets/khoj-logo-sideways-500.png" width="200" alt="Khoj Logo"></p>

<div align="center">

[![test](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/test.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/test.yml)
[![dockerize](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/dockerize.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/pkgs/container/khoj)
[![pypi](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/actions/workflows/pypi.yml/badge.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/khoj-assistant/)

</div>

<div align="center">
<b>An AI personal assistant for your digital brain</b>

</div>

<div align="center">

[📜 Explore Code](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj)
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
[🌍 Try Khoj Cloud](https://khoj.dev)
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;•&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
[💬 Get Involved](https://discord.gg/BDgyabRM6e)

</div>

## Introduction
Welcome to the Khoj Docs! This is the best place to [get started](./setup.md) with Khoj. Unless otherwise mentioned, the docs only pertain to self-hosted Khoj instances.

- Khoj is an application to dynamically engage with your notes, documents and images. We support APIs for [semantic search](./search.md) and [chat](./chat.md).
- It can be easily self-hosted and run on your consumer hardware or private cloud.
- It provides an open source, AI personal assistant accessible from your [Emacs](./emacs.md), [Obsidian](./obsidian.md) or [Web browser](./web.md), or our [desktop app](https://khoj.dev/downloads).
- It works with plaintext, markdown, [notion](./notion_integration.md) org-mode, pdf files and [github repositories](./github_integration.md)
- It can support use with multiple users, so you and your family, friends, or team can have a shared assistance server. As the admin, you can configure the server settings at `/server/admin`.

## Quickstart
[Click here](./setup.md) for full setup instructions

```shell
pip install khoj-assistant && khoj
```

## Overview
<img src="https://docs.khoj.dev/assets/khoj_search_on_web.png" width="400px">
<span>&nbsp;&nbsp;</span>
<img src="https://docs.khoj.dev/assets/khoj_chat_on_web.png" width="400px">

#### [Search](./search.md)
  - **Local**: Your personal data stays local. All search and indexing is done on your machine.
  - **Incremental**: Incremental search for a fast, search-as-you-type experience

#### [Chat](./chat.md)
  - **Faster answers**: Find answers faster, smoother than search. No need to manually scan through your notes to find answers.
  - **Iterative discovery**: Iteratively explore and (re-)discover your notes
  - **Assisted creativity**: Smoothly weave across answers retrieval and content generation
  - **Online or Offline**: Choose online or offline chat depending on your requirements
