docs/search.md, before:

## Khoj Search
- **Using Obsidian**
  - Click the *Khoj search* icon 🔎 on the [Ribbon](https://help.obsidian.md/User+interface/Workspace/Ribbon) or Search for *Khoj: Search* in the [Command Palette](https://help.obsidian.md/Plugins/Command+palette)
- **Using Emacs**
  - Run `M-x khoj <user-query>`
- **Using Web**
  - Open <http://localhost:42110/> in your web browser
- **Using API**
  - See the Khoj FastAPI [Swagger Docs](http://localhost:42110/docs), [ReDocs](http://localhost:42110/redocs)

### Query Filters

Use structured query syntax to filter the natural language search results
- **Word Filter**: Get entries that include/exclude a specified term
  - Entries that contain term_to_include: `+"term_to_include"`
  - Entries that contain term_to_exclude: `-"term_to_exclude"`
- **Date Filter**: Get entries containing dates in YYYY-MM-DD format from specified date (range)
  - Entries from April 1st 1984: `dt:"1984-04-01"`
  - Entries after March 31st 1984: `dt>="1984-04-01"`
  - Entries before April 2nd 1984 : `dt<="1984-04-01"`
- **File Filter**: Get entries from a specified file
  - Entries from incoming.org file: `file:"incoming.org"`
- Combined Example
  - `what is the meaning of life? file:"1984.org" dt>="1984-01-01" dt<="1985-01-01" -"big" -"brother"`
  - Adds all filters to the natural language query. It should return entries
    - from the file *1984.org*
    - containing dates from the year *1984*
    - excluding words *"big"* and *"brother"*
    - that best match the natural language query *"what is the meaning of life?"*

Commit message:

Update Screenshots and Demos in Docs

docs/search.md, after:

## Khoj Search
### Use
- **From Web**
  - Open <http://localhost:42110/> in your web browser
- **From Obsidian**
  - Click the *Khoj search* icon 🔎 on the [Ribbon](https://help.obsidian.md/User+interface/Workspace/Ribbon) or Search for *Khoj: Search* in the [Command Palette](https://help.obsidian.md/Plugins/Command+palette)
- **From Emacs**
  - Run `M-x khoj <user-query>`

### Demo
![](./assets/khoj_search_on_web.png ':size=400px')

### Query Filters

Use structured query syntax to filter the natural language search results
- **Word Filter**: Get entries that include/exclude a specified term
  - Entries that contain term_to_include: `+"term_to_include"`
  - Entries that contain term_to_exclude: `-"term_to_exclude"`
- **Date Filter**: Get entries containing dates in YYYY-MM-DD format from specified date (range)
  - Entries from April 1st 1984: `dt:"1984-04-01"`
  - Entries after March 31st 1984: `dt>="1984-04-01"`
  - Entries before April 2nd 1984 : `dt<="1984-04-01"`
- **File Filter**: Get entries from a specified file
  - Entries from incoming.org file: `file:"incoming.org"`
- Combined Example
  - `what is the meaning of life? file:"1984.org" dt>="1984-01-01" dt<="1985-01-01" -"big" -"brother"`
  - Adds all filters to the natural language query. It should return entries
    - from the file *1984.org*
    - containing dates from the year *1984*
    - excluding words *"big"* and *"brother"*
    - that best match the natural language query *"what is the meaning of life?"*
