docs/setup.md, before:

## Setup
These are the general setup instructions for Khoj.

- Make sure [python](https://realpython.com/installing-python/) and [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) are installed on your machine
- Check the [Khoj Emacs docs](/emacs?id=setup) to setup Khoj with Emacs<br />
  It's simpler as it can skip the server *install*, *run* and *configure* step below.
- Check the [Khoj Obsidian docs](/obsidian?id=_2-setup-plugin) to setup Khoj with Obsidian<br />
  Its simpler as it can skip the *configure* step below.

For Installation, you can either use Docker or install Khoj locally.

### 1. Installation (Docker)

#### Prerequisites
1. Install Docker Engine. See [official instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).
2. Ensure you have Docker Compose. See [official instructions](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

#### Setup

Use the sample docker-compose [in Github](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/blob/master/docker-compose.yml) to run Khoj in Docker. Start by configuring all the environment variables to your choosing. Your admin account will automatically be created based on the admin credentials in that file, so pay attention to those. To start the container, run the following command in the same directory as the docker-compose.yml file. This will automatically setup the database and run the Khoj server.

```shell
docker-compose up
```

Khoj should now be running at http://localhost:42110. You can see the web UI in your browser.

### 1. Installation (Local)

#### Prerequisites

##### Install Postgres (with PgVector)

Khoj uses the `pgvector` package to store embeddings of your index in a Postgres database. In order to use this, you need to have Postgres installed.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**

Install [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). This comes pre-installed with `pgvector` and relevant dependencies.

#### **Windows**

1. Use the [recommended installer](https://www.postgresql.org/download/windows/)
2. Follow instructions to [Install PgVector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector#installation) in case you need to manually install it. Reproduced instructions below for convenience.

```bash
cd /tmp
git clone --branch v0.5.1 https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector.git
cd pgvector
make
make install # may need sudo
```

#### **Linux**
From [official instructions](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt)

```bash
sudo apt install -y postgresql-common
sudo /usr/share/postgresql-common/pgdg/apt.postgresql.org.sh
sudo apt install postgres-16 postgresql-16-pgvector
```

##### **From Source**
1. Follow instructions to [Install Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
2. Follow instructions to [Install PgVector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector#windows) in case you need to manually install it. Windows support is experimental for `pgvector` currently, so we recommend using Docker.

<!-- tabs:end -->


##### Create the Khoj database

Make sure to update your environment variables to match your Postgres configuration if you're using a different name. The default values should work for most people. When prompted for a password, you can use the default password `postgres`, or configure it to your preference. Make sure to set the environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` to the same value as the password you set here.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**
```bash
createdb khoj -U postgres --password
```

#### **Windows**
```bash
createdb -U postgres khoj --password
```

#### **Linux**
```bash
sudo -u postgres createdb khoj --password
```

<!-- tabs:end -->

#### Install package

##### Local Server Setup
- *Make sure [python](https://realpython.com/installing-python/) and [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) are installed on your machine*

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Khoj backend.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**

```shell
python -m pip install khoj-assistant
```

#### **Windows**

```shell
py -m pip install khoj-assistant
```
For more detailed Windows installation and troubleshooting, see [Windows Install](./windows_install.md).

#### **Linux**

```shell
python -m pip install khoj-assistant
```

<!-- tabs:end -->

##### Local Server Start

Run the following command from your terminal to start the Khoj backend and open Khoj in your browser.

```shell
khoj --anonymous-mode
```
`--anonymous-mode` allows you to run the server without setting up Google credentials for login. This allows you to use any of the clients without a login wall. If you want to use Google login, you can skip this flag, but you will have to add your Google developer credentials.

On the first run, you will be prompted to input credentials for your admin account and do some basic configuration for your chat model settings. Once created, you can go to http://localhost:42110/server/admin and login with the credentials you just created.

Khoj should now be running at http://localhost:42110. You can see the web UI in your browser.

Note: To start Khoj automatically in the background use [Task scheduler](https://www.windowscentral.com/how-create-automated-task-using-task-scheduler-windows-10) on Windows or [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) on Mac, Linux (e.g with `@reboot khoj`)


### 2. Download the desktop client

You can use our desktop executables to select file paths and folders to index. You can simply select the folders or files, and they'll be automatically uploaded to the server. Once you specify a file or file path, you don't need to update the configuration again; it will grab any data diffs dynamically over time.

**To download the latest desktop client, go to https://download.khoj.dev** and the correct executable for your OS will automatically start downloading. Once downloaded, you can configure your folders for indexing using the settings tab. To set your chat configuration, you'll have to use the web interface for the Khoj server you setup in the previous step.

To use the desktop client, you need to go to your Khoj server's settings page (http://localhost:42110/config) and copy the API key. Then, paste it into the desktop client's settings page. Once you've done that, you can select files and folders to index.

### 3. Configure
1. Go to http://localhost:42110/server/admin and login with your admin credentials. Go to the ChatModelOptions if you want to add additional models for chat.
1. Select files and folders to index [using the desktop client](./setup.md?id=_2-download-the-desktop-client). When you click 'Save', the files will be sent to your server for indexing.
    - Select Notion workspaces and Github repositories to index using the web interface.

### 4. Install Client Plugins (Optional)
Khoj exposes a web interface to search, chat and configure by default.<br />
The optional steps below allow using Khoj from within an existing application like Obsidian or Emacs.

- **Khoj Obsidian**:<br />
[Install](/obsidian?id=_2-setup-plugin) the Khoj Obsidian plugin

- **Khoj Emacs**:<br />
[Install](/emacs?id=setup) khoj.el

#### Setup host URL
To configure your host URL on your clients when self-hosting, use `http://127.0.0.1:42110`. This is the default value for the `KHOJ_HOST` environment variable. Note that `localhost` will not work.

### 5. Use Khoj 🚀

You can head to http://localhost:42110 to use the web interface. You can also use the desktop client to search and chat.

## Upgrade
### Upgrade Khoj Server

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **Local Setup**

```shell
pip install --upgrade khoj-assistant
```

*Note: To upgrade to the latest pre-release version of the khoj server run below command*
```shell
# Maps to the latest commit on the master branch
pip install --upgrade --pre khoj-assistant
```

#### **Docker**
From the same directory where you have your `docker-compose` file, this will fetch the latest build and upgrade your server.

```shell
docker-compose up --build
```

<!-- tabs:end -->


### Upgrade Khoj on Emacs
- Use your Emacs Package Manager to Upgrade
- See [khoj.el package setup](/emacs?id=setup) for details

### Upgrade Khoj on Obsidian
- Upgrade via the Community plugins tab on the settings pane in the Obsidian app
- See the [khoj plugin setup](/obsidian.md?id=_2-setup-plugin) for details

## Uninstall
1. (Optional) Hit `Ctrl-C` in the terminal running the khoj server to stop it
2. Delete the khoj directory in your home folder (i.e `~/.khoj` on Linux, Mac or `C:\Users\<your-username>\.khoj` on Windows)
5. You might want to `rm -rf` the following directories:
    - `~/.khoj`
    - `~/.cache/gpt4all`
3. Uninstall the khoj server with `pip uninstall khoj-assistant`
4. (Optional) Uninstall khoj.el or the khoj obsidian plugin in the standard way on Emacs, Obsidian

## Troubleshoot

#### Install fails while building Tokenizer dependency
- **Details**: `pip install khoj-assistant` fails while building the `tokenizers` dependency. Complains about Rust.
- **Fix**: Install Rust to build the tokenizers package. For example on Mac run:
    ```shell
    brew install rustup
    rustup-init
    source ~/.cargo/env
    ```
- **Refer**: [Issue with Fix](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/issues/82#issuecomment-1241890946) for more details

#### Search starts giving wonky results
- **Fix**: Open [/api/update?force=true](http://localhost:42110/api/update?force=true) in browser to regenerate index from scratch
- **Note**: *This is a fix for when you perceive the search results have degraded. Not if you think they've always given wonky results*

#### Khoj in Docker errors out with \"Killed\" in error message
- **Fix**: Increase RAM available to Docker Containers in Docker Settings
- **Refer**: [StackOverflow Solution](https://stackoverflow.com/a/50770267), [Configure Resources on Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/#resources)

#### Khoj errors out complaining about Tensors mismatch or null
- **Mitigation**: Disable `image` search using the desktop GUI

Commit message:

Add instructions for setting up chat settings when locally hosting Khoj

docs/setup.md, after:

## Setup
These are the general setup instructions for Khoj.

- Make sure [python](https://realpython.com/installing-python/) and [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) are installed on your machine
- Check the [Khoj Emacs docs](/emacs?id=setup) to setup Khoj with Emacs<br />
  It's simpler as it can skip the server *install*, *run* and *configure* step below.
- Check the [Khoj Obsidian docs](/obsidian?id=_2-setup-plugin) to setup Khoj with Obsidian<br />
  Its simpler as it can skip the *configure* step below.

For Installation, you can either use Docker or install Khoj locally.

### 1. Installation (Docker)

#### Prerequisites
1. Install Docker Engine. See [official instructions](https://docs.docker.com/engine/install/).
2. Ensure you have Docker Compose. See [official instructions](https://docs.docker.com/compose/install/).

#### Setup

Use the sample docker-compose [in Github](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/blob/master/docker-compose.yml) to run Khoj in Docker. Start by configuring all the environment variables to your choosing. Your admin account will automatically be created based on the admin credentials in that file, so pay attention to those. To start the container, run the following command in the same directory as the docker-compose.yml file. This will automatically setup the database and run the Khoj server.

```shell
docker-compose up
```

Khoj should now be running at http://localhost:42110. You can see the web UI in your browser.

### 1. Installation (Local)

#### Prerequisites

##### Install Postgres (with PgVector)

Khoj uses the `pgvector` package to store embeddings of your index in a Postgres database. In order to use this, you need to have Postgres installed.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**

Install [Postgres.app](https://postgresapp.com/). This comes pre-installed with `pgvector` and relevant dependencies.

#### **Windows**

1. Use the [recommended installer](https://www.postgresql.org/download/windows/)
2. Follow instructions to [Install PgVector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector#installation) in case you need to manually install it. Reproduced instructions below for convenience.

```bash
cd /tmp
git clone --branch v0.5.1 https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector.git
cd pgvector
make
make install # may need sudo
```

#### **Linux**
From [official instructions](https://wiki.postgresql.org/wiki/Apt)

```bash
sudo apt install -y postgresql-common
sudo /usr/share/postgresql-common/pgdg/apt.postgresql.org.sh
sudo apt install postgres-16 postgresql-16-pgvector
```

##### **From Source**
1. Follow instructions to [Install Postgres](https://www.postgresql.org/download/)
2. Follow instructions to [Install PgVector](https://github.com/pgvector/pgvector#windows) in case you need to manually install it. Windows support is experimental for `pgvector` currently, so we recommend using Docker.

<!-- tabs:end -->


##### Create the Khoj database

Make sure to update your environment variables to match your Postgres configuration if you're using a different name. The default values should work for most people. When prompted for a password, you can use the default password `postgres`, or configure it to your preference. Make sure to set the environment variable `POSTGRES_PASSWORD` to the same value as the password you set here.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**
```bash
createdb khoj -U postgres --password
```

#### **Windows**
```bash
createdb -U postgres khoj --password
```

#### **Linux**
```bash
sudo -u postgres createdb khoj --password
```

<!-- tabs:end -->

#### Install package

##### Local Server Setup
- *Make sure [python](https://realpython.com/installing-python/) and [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/) are installed on your machine*

Run the following command in your terminal to install the Khoj backend.

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **MacOS**

```shell
python -m pip install khoj-assistant
```

#### **Windows**

```shell
py -m pip install khoj-assistant
```
For more detailed Windows installation and troubleshooting, see [Windows Install](./windows_install.md).

#### **Linux**

```shell
python -m pip install khoj-assistant
```

<!-- tabs:end -->

##### Local Server Start

Run the following command from your terminal to start the Khoj backend and open Khoj in your browser.

```shell
khoj --anonymous-mode
```
`--anonymous-mode` allows you to run the server without setting up Google credentials for login. This allows you to use any of the clients without a login wall. If you want to use Google login, you can skip this flag, but you will have to add your Google developer credentials.

On the first run, you will be prompted to input credentials for your admin account and do some basic configuration for your chat model settings. Once created, you can go to http://localhost:42110/server/admin and login with the credentials you just created.

Khoj should now be running at http://localhost:42110. You can see the web UI in your browser.

Note: To start Khoj automatically in the background use [Task scheduler](https://www.windowscentral.com/how-create-automated-task-using-task-scheduler-windows-10) on Windows or [Cron](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cron) on Mac, Linux (e.g with `@reboot khoj`)


### 2. Download the desktop client

You can use our desktop executables to select file paths and folders to index. You can simply select the folders or files, and they'll be automatically uploaded to the server. Once you specify a file or file path, you don't need to update the configuration again; it will grab any data diffs dynamically over time.

**To download the latest desktop client, go to https://download.khoj.dev** and the correct executable for your OS will automatically start downloading. Once downloaded, you can configure your folders for indexing using the settings tab. To set your chat configuration, you'll have to use the web interface for the Khoj server you setup in the previous step.

To use the desktop client, you need to go to your Khoj server's settings page (http://localhost:42110/config) and copy the API key. Then, paste it into the desktop client's settings page. Once you've done that, you can select files and folders to index.

### 3. Configure
1. Go to http://localhost:42110/server/admin and login with your admin credentials.
    - Go to [the server admin page](http://localhost:42110/server/admin/database/openaiprocessorconversationconfig/) to add an Open AI processor conversation config. This is where you set your API key. Alternatively, you can go to the [offline chat settings](http://localhost:42110/server/admin/database/offlinechatprocessorconversationconfig/) and simply create a new setting with `Enabled` set to `True`.
    - Go to the ChatModelOptions if you want to add additional models for chat. For example, you can specify `gpt-4` if you're using OpenAI or `mistral-7b-instruct-v0.1.Q4_0.gguf` if you're using offline chat. Make sure to configure the `type` field to `OpenAI` or `Offline` respectively.
1. Select files and folders to index [using the desktop client](./setup.md?id=_2-download-the-desktop-client). When you click 'Save', the files will be sent to your server for indexing.
    - Select Notion workspaces and Github repositories to index using the web interface.

### 4. Install Client Plugins (Optional)
Khoj exposes a web interface to search, chat and configure by default.<br />
The optional steps below allow using Khoj from within an existing application like Obsidian or Emacs.

- **Khoj Obsidian**:<br />
[Install](/obsidian?id=_2-setup-plugin) the Khoj Obsidian plugin

- **Khoj Emacs**:<br />
[Install](/emacs?id=setup) khoj.el

#### Setup host URL
To configure your host URL on your clients when self-hosting, use `http://127.0.0.1:42110`. This is the default value for the `KHOJ_HOST` environment variable. Note that `localhost` will not work.

### 5. Use Khoj 🚀

You can head to http://localhost:42110 to use the web interface. You can also use the desktop client to search and chat.

## Upgrade
### Upgrade Khoj Server

<!-- tabs:start -->

#### **Local Setup**

```shell
pip install --upgrade khoj-assistant
```

*Note: To upgrade to the latest pre-release version of the khoj server run below command*
```shell
# Maps to the latest commit on the master branch
pip install --upgrade --pre khoj-assistant
```

#### **Docker**
From the same directory where you have your `docker-compose` file, this will fetch the latest build and upgrade your server.

```shell
docker-compose up --build
```

<!-- tabs:end -->


### Upgrade Khoj on Emacs
- Use your Emacs Package Manager to Upgrade
- See [khoj.el package setup](/emacs?id=setup) for details

### Upgrade Khoj on Obsidian
- Upgrade via the Community plugins tab on the settings pane in the Obsidian app
- See the [khoj plugin setup](/obsidian.md?id=_2-setup-plugin) for details

## Uninstall
1. (Optional) Hit `Ctrl-C` in the terminal running the khoj server to stop it
2. Delete the khoj directory in your home folder (i.e `~/.khoj` on Linux, Mac or `C:\Users\<your-username>\.khoj` on Windows)
5. You might want to `rm -rf` the following directories:
    - `~/.khoj`
    - `~/.cache/gpt4all`
3. Uninstall the khoj server with `pip uninstall khoj-assistant`
4. (Optional) Uninstall khoj.el or the khoj obsidian plugin in the standard way on Emacs, Obsidian

## Troubleshoot

#### Install fails while building Tokenizer dependency
- **Details**: `pip install khoj-assistant` fails while building the `tokenizers` dependency. Complains about Rust.
- **Fix**: Install Rust to build the tokenizers package. For example on Mac run:
    ```shell
    brew install rustup
    rustup-init
    source ~/.cargo/env
    ```
- **Refer**: [Issue with Fix](https://github.com/khoj-ai/khoj/issues/82#issuecomment-1241890946) for more details

#### Search starts giving wonky results
- **Fix**: Open [/api/update?force=true](http://localhost:42110/api/update?force=true) in browser to regenerate index from scratch
- **Note**: *This is a fix for when you perceive the search results have degraded. Not if you think they've always given wonky results*

#### Khoj in Docker errors out with \"Killed\" in error message
- **Fix**: Increase RAM available to Docker Containers in Docker Settings
- **Refer**: [StackOverflow Solution](https://stackoverflow.com/a/50770267), [Configure Resources on Docker for Mac](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/mac/#resources)

#### Khoj errors out complaining about Tensors mismatch or null
- **Mitigation**: Disable `image` search using the desktop GUI
